hello and today I'm going to show you
how to install apps which you normally
pay for for your iphone and ipod touch
for free on software 3.0 you need a
jailbroken iphone or ipod touch to do
this i particularly do this on iphone OS
3.0 NM acid Betty you need to install
appsync 40 s three-point oh I'll post a
video about this later on firstly your
open cydia then you go to manage then
you go to the sources and add the
following sauce HTTP colon slash slash
cydia dot hack you owe us our posas i'll
post a source into the description edit
so you go to edit add and add your
source either not very clear
already added it so
when it's downloaded you go to sections
and you keep going until you find
hackulo us and you find installous my
install this isn't honey up as i've
already installed it and i'll show you
in a minute how to get the apps so when
you downloaded it and everything it
should come up as a normal app on your
springboard then you close down cydia
and look for this green icon here called
installous you open up
and it should say app us in big letters
and you go to search and type in the
name of your desired app I'll type in
asphalt for
that's five
it was such Erica's found it as possible
and you scroll down
to fund the latest version then you will
see the download links I preferably go
for ones with obscene but if they're not
there just go for any other one
then you click on it it will take a bit
of time to load to give it a minute
it's a slum be as you can see there yes
and then it will take you to this page
just let it load again and it should
have a catch bar with my finger is now
just type that catch her in in this text
box here press submit
yep and it's loaded so you press
obviously just type in whatever the
catch but says mine says V you see a
thing you see a place to go and it
should load in a minute
and this is the screen with the green
download bar and radiance toolbar the
one you would want is download that will
then take you onto a little download
screen where it tells you the percentage
and the amount of of the file downloaded
I haven't already got this out by baltic
legitimate Lee Jeremy off the App Store
so just go when it's downloaded you go
to insta go to downloads these world
ones i've downloaded through installous
as you can see there you didn't just tap
on one EG hero of sparta and press
install then it will come up with an
ethical screen where this like the winds
tool bar came on sign how far is for the
install once that is done what you do
you just wait and it closed down install
this and it should be we're a normal app
would be as if you've installed it
through the app store thanks watching I
hope you enjoyed it from i hack you